Which among the following is called first, automatically, whenever an object is created?
Class
Constructor
New
Trigger
b
Which among the following is not a necessary condition for constructors?
Its name must be same as that of class
It must not have any return type
It must contain a definition body
It can contains arguments
c
Which among the following is correct?
class student{ public: int student(){} };
class student{ public: void student (){} };
class student{ public: student{}{} };
class student{ public: student(){} };
d
In which access should a constructor be defined, so that object of the class can be created in any function?
Public
Protected
Private
Any access specifier will work
a
How many types of constructors are available for use in general (with respect to parameters)?
2
3
4
5
a
If a programmer defines a class and defines a default value parameterized constructor inside it.He has not defined any default constructor. And then he try to create the object without passing arguments, which among the following will be correct?
It will not create the object (as parameterized constructor is used)
It will create the object (as the default arguments are passed)
It will not create the object (as the default constructor is not defined)
It will create the object (as at least some constructor is defined)
b
If class C inherits class B. And B has inherited class A. Then while creating the object of class C, what will be the sequence of constructors getting called?
Constructor of C then B, finally of A
Constructor of A then C, finally of B
Constructor of C then A, finally B
Constructor of A then B, finally C
d
Which among the following is true for copy constructor?
The argument object is passed by reference
It can be defined with zero arguments
Used when an object is passed by value to a function
Used when a function returns an object
b
If the object is passed by value to a copy constructor?
Only public members will be accessible to be copied
That will work normally
Compiler will give out of memory error
Data stored in data members won’t be accessible
c
Which among the following helps to create a temporary instance?
Implicit call to a default constructor
Explicit call to a copy constructor
Implicit call to a parameterized constructor
Explicit call to a constructor
d
